Problems and Workarounds

Figuring out the best pinhole size 
The pinhole sizes that we tried were 0.1 mm, 3 mm, and 5 mm. According to our calculations, 0.63 mm should have been the optimal pinhole size for the size of our box. We thought that the smallest pinhole would have given us the best images, since it was the closest to the calculated optimal size. In practice, however, the 0.1 mm pinhole produced very dark images and the best images came from the 3 mm pinhole. 
One explanation for our results is that the cards which we used to switch out the different sized pinholes had nonzero thickness to them. We covered the cards in black duct tape to try and minimize any extra light that might have passed through the cards. Consequently, the cards ended up being about 1-2 mm thick. This means that a light ray entering the pinhole on one side of the card could only pass through to the other side (and not be absorbed by the walls of the card) if its angle of incidence was sufficiently small. If the angle of incidence was too large, the ray would be absorbed by the walls of the hole. This reduces the effective size of the pinhole, which may be why our “3 mm” pinhole ended up giving us the best pictures—at this point in time, its effective size was closest to our optimal size. 
We made the “0.1 mm” pinhole slightly larger (the diameter of the hole was now closer to 1 mm) before taking pictures of the East Asian Library, which resulted in the sharpest and brightest picture with the smallest pinhole that we took. This is likely because the effective size of the pinhole was now closer to the previously calculated optimal size of 0.63 mm. 
Over exposure facing light
We had some issues on top of the Campanile with overexposure, since the sun was shining directly into the pinhole and we initially started with 15-20 seconds of exposure time. We solved this issue by shortening the exposure time to 2-4 seconds ******* and angling the camera so that it did not point as directly into the sunlight. *******
Trying to take pictures of things far away
At the top of the campanile, most of the objects that we were trying to capture were very far away, which made it difficult to capture the details of things closer to the ground. At such a large distance, the proportion of photons bouncing off of these objects that came directly towards us (and into our pinhole camera) was much smaller that it would have been if we were closer to the objects. 

